What it outputs?
Yeah, yeah.
Just use it for generation, right?
Yeah, I guess it's more like this.
Yeah.
So that would be important.
Because otherwise you don't know what
kind of model you operate on, and...
Then, the second question would be...
Uh...
If you...
So if you flip a random position,
as we did here now, within the sequence,
You said it does not work, right?
But these scores that you have here,
they are pretty far away, basically.
They are hard to interpret if I don't
have currently the output of the network.
So it would be interesting to see just a
few examples what it puts in there.
to get a feeling, right?
If it's really garbage or not.
Did you have a look at the raw output?
Ohh, wait, I cannot hear you anymore.
Yeah, yeah, I just...
Okay.
Like, I will check.
This, so this is like GPT.
EIS.
Can you see the screen?
Okay, so the, yeah.
Okay, and what has been flipped?
So this the row,
so it was originally it was rostrum.
I think it was corrupted to row.
Yeah.
Like strong was directed to optimum and
predicted was exactly the same.
Okay.
There must be something else.
So what kind of data set did you use now
here for this corruption?
Is it the same that you use for
fine-tuning?
No, no, no, it's a wiki, wiki data,
wiki text.
Okay.
Now we get text to.
Wait, wait, can you go now? Sorry,
it's a bit fast.
Sorry, I was just like...
Yeah.
It doesn't move at all, right?
Yeah, it doesn't move at all.
And if we look, this is continuous.
Actually,
let me just share my goals today.
Shared Emilia.
They're visible.
Yeah.
OK, so this that was continuous.
So, this the first one,
it was this first one.
Mm.
And...
But if you go down, so the other methods,
they do something, right? So...
This one, this one.
I don't know. Wait,
I it's hard to see the link in so fast.
Can you can you go back?
To the VS Code.
Yeah.
Okay, it's super small.
Can you zoom in a little bit?
I don't know.
Yeah.
Stop, stop, stop.
In the second and third samples, like the.
..
So, yeah, it was metropolis testing for.
The false, it does something.
Okay, this is all with random data,
so random data is okay that it fails,
right?
Yeah, but the first two are the balls,
even.
Policy.
The first one we understand because
Metropolis Hasting rejects every at every
Yeah.
step. So,
but in the false one it does do something
like changes it to like row.
Yeah, okay.
Okay.
And this is the Landrin-like sampler,
right?
Which one is the which one is the
continuous?
This is the continuous one.
Okay, and the lens will like,
do you also have that one?
Yeah, yeah, I have a lot.
Just check which one do you want to check
off, like...
Sync,
discrete with the GFlowNet or without
GFlowNet.
Let's first do the one without.
Let's do single token to speed single
token.
Or, Sarthak,
can you compile me these results just
Yes.
briefly, a few examples for the...
Lantern-like sampler on the GPT tool
without GFlowNet,
then the continuous one without mail
proposes Hastings both,
Mm.
and then for the GFlowNet fine-tuned
version also,
Yeah.
that's for experiment basically.
Can you just pull out a few examples of
that one?
That would be great.
And then I would switch to another call
Yeah, okay.
for a few minutes and then come back to
you.
Yeah, makes sense.
Okay. Okay, perfect. Thank you.